hello to all and wakfu and we
is found today for the clip of
day of December 15, 2013
and what better for a first clip of
day to comment on a Sunday night where
everyone is jaded to take back the
run the job tomorrow morning and yes
it's like that but I reassure you in
less than ten days now it's christmas
and I will finally be able to open mark
putting one box that sleeps in my
wardrobe we go to the clip
yes wakfu it is indeed a flash
special for this first clip I'm
right now at the court of
great instance of paris where the killer in
seizure series 644 is currently
even heard
indeed he again acted on Friday
morning around 10 am on the
map
yes daoud crisis has made a real
carnage a real butchery in
manicuring his opponents literally
with the many knife he
had
the prosecution should sentence him to the
life sentence
thank you thank you olive for this report
in any case what is certain is that
our second player is not going to miss
of luck it's gone to the bronze guide
armed with his intervention did not suspect
surely not that in ten years to larache to
perpetrate the galette out of map they
were going to get us a quilt
fidan screen of a blow bang clash like
that in any case well played to you the clip
of the day is already over so if you
so you want to participate
you just need the club your clip
of cuckold or your age of pjm on youtube
accompanied by a brief but consists
description and you send him suddenly
of excuses to flip gmail.com do not hesitate
especially not to go to visit the chain of
we two players is mine has by the
same opportunity if the heart tells you I
wish you an excellent last
week of taff take care of yourself
it is and wakfu hi everyone
m